added api documentation for allowed workspaces on agent pools page (#49)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/changelog.mdx

### 2022-06-21
* Updated [Admin Organizations](/cloud-docs/api-docs/admin/organizations) endpoints with new `workspace-limit` setting. This is available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.

> * Updated [List Agent Pools](/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents/#list-agent-pools) to accept a filter parameter `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` so that agent pools can be filtered by name of the allowed workspace. This is available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated [List Agent Pools](/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents/#list-agent-pools) to accept a filter parameter `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` so that agent pools can be filtered by name of an associated workspace. The given workspace must be allowed to use the agent pool. Refer to Filters agent pools to those associated with the given workspace. The workspace must have permission to use the agent pool. Refer to [Scoping Agent Pools to Specific Workspaces](/docs/cloud-docs/agents#scoping-agent-pools-to-specific-workspaces).
```

Author: Will update!

> * Updated [List Agent Pools](/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents/#list-agent-pools) to accept a filter parameter `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` so that agent pools can be filtered by name of an associated workspace. The given workspace must be allowed to use the agent pool. Refer to Filters agent pools to those associated with the given workspace. Refer to [Scoping Agent Pools to Specific Workspaces](/docs/cloud-docs/agents#scoping-agent-pools-to-specific-workspaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated [List Agent Pools](/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents/#list-agent-pools) to accept a filter parameter `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` so that agent pools can be filtered by name of an associated workspace. The given workspace must be allowed to use the agent pool. Refer to [Scoping Agent Pools to Specific Workspaces](/docs/cloud-docs/agents#scoping-agent-pools-to-specific-workspaces).
```
